[Music]
hey everybody welcome to a very special
episode of impact theory today we are
going to be talking all about habits and
routines and how to get the absolute
most out of every moment of your time
because i promise if you want to succeed
you've got to get deeply efficient and
that's where habits and routines come in
and i'm going to be taking your
questions so hopefully you guys have
some really good ones and we can talk
about exactly what you need to do to hit
the goals you want to hit all right
without further ado let's hear the first
question
hi tom i'm danielle i'm from sunny
orlando florida and i'm a sales
professional with a side hustle
my question for you is about side
business personal working habits my
husband and i are growing a side
business that we have apart from our
professional careers and i've recently
taken on a new role writing blogs about
specific topics that the company is all
about my husband already has his
personal working habits in place since
he's been working on the business for
years i however am finding it hard to
work this new role into my current daily
habits and routine not because i don't
enjoy working on the business it's just
hard for me to get started and stay
productive so what advice do you have
for me when it comes to getting started
and building personal working habits
that will last and ultimately change my
life
all right so the thing that i love is
that you're using the word build because
that's exactly what we're going to be
doing here you're going to construct
what you want your life to be you're
going to break it up into different
hours and segments so you know when it's
go time and then you're going to build
rules into your life that mandate that
you show up during those times so i have
a whole host of rules in my life
they can be small simple rules like i
get out of bed in 10 minutes or less
they can be more profound and impactful
goals or excuse me rules and i have a
rule in my life where
monday through friday if i'm awake i'm
either working or working out so if i
were doing something like you in this
situation i would say okay these two day
two hours or five hours however much
time it is that you want to allocate to
the business you're gonna say i am
working on the business during these
times i'm gonna tell myself i'm gonna
tell other people that way there's
accountability then i'm gonna score
myself at the end of that session did i
show up did i start when i said i was
gonna start did i go hard the whole time
and i'm just gonna give myself a rating
every day depending on where i'm going
how i did that day was i distracted did
i have flow was it a great day a bad day
and by doing that i'm going to hold
myself accountable so i can see over
time did i show up when i said i was
going to show up
what was the score that i gave myself
for staying focused staying on task and
getting things done and then the third
thing to really make this stick
you've got to find a way to be excited
about what you're doing and oftentimes
when people come and they say that
they're having trouble making a new
habit stick the reality is they just
don't want it badly enough and
when you realize that that's not an
indictment on you as a person that's a
simple statement about the fact that
desire is a process so you don't there's
very few things in your life that you
just sort of automatically are excited
about most of things if you really want
to kick ass at something you've got to
build a ton of energy into getting
excited about that thing now that comes
in a couple different forms number one
is your why why are you doing this so it
might be hey my husband and i were
really excited about this this is going
to be our path to freedom and building
something with him like this means
everything to me and i couldn't be more
excited more honored to be working side
by side with my husband to build
something to show each other what we're
capable of to take care of each other to
you know give ourselves what we need to
build a family whatever you're going to
make that why you're going to say it
you're going to say it with enthusiasm
it's what i call embodying what you want
to feel so if you want to be excited
when you're telling other people when
you're even talking to yourself when
you're talking to your husband you're
actually going to let yourself get hyped
up there's a mechanism in the brain that
says whoa hey we're all hyped up about
this it must actually be worth being
hyped up about and it becomes a
self-reinforcing loop so we've got our y
and then we want to make sure that we're
putting the identity into it that we
want to get out so if we want to be the
kind of person that shows up and works
hard then we say i'm the type of person
that shows up and works hard and you're
going to lean into that and the why that
you have with your husband you guys are
building something you're excited about
it you're telling other people you're
embodying it and now you've got the
identity statement of i'm the type of
person that does this i see this through
and you repeat that cocktail over and
over over and over and following it up
with that score and all of a sudden over
time and it will take time because it is
a process but over time you're going to
stick to it because it means something
to you and your husband you've got the
rule about showing up you're rating
yourself on how you did that day you're
feeling good on the days that you killed
it and you're reminding yourself to dig
a little deeper on the days where you
don't and i promise if you just work
that process over and over and over
two weeks a month into this it's just
gonna be second nature you're gonna be
showing up you're gonna be excited
you're gonna see it through
and that's it
just work the process
all right who's up next hi tom i'm nima
i'm a business strategist and a mindset
coach my question today is about cold
showers
i know that you're a big fan of cold
showers i am as well
i want to understand the exact process
that you do it do you start with a cold
shower right away when you step into
your shower do you do it in the middle
or do you finish off with a cold shower
how many minutes do you usually go for
and do you think that you use purely
willpower to do it on a daily basis or
does it actually become a habit and in a
sense easier to do so i personally think
that it doesn't really physically become
easier to do it but mentally one can
gain the strength to do it on a daily
basis hence as a habit i would like to
really hear your thoughts on the topic
and thank you very much for your great
show
all right so first of all i just want to
talk about the notion of doing hard
things so doing hard things is
critically important in terms of earning
self-respect
building those calluses on your mind as
david goggins calls them to have the
ability to stick with something when it
gets difficult it is such an incredibly
powerful skill set and the only way
you're going to get it is if you do hard
things
now i want to be clear that i don't love
cold showers i hate cold showers cold
showers never got easier in fact i would
say over time it really began to chip
away at my soul so i did cold showers
every day for
one year and three months i promised
myself i would do it for a month so in
ending up doing it for 15 months i was
pretty stoked now i don't do cold
showers anymore and i'll go back and
explain
the process i was using when i was doing
cold showers now what i'm doing is water
submersion so cold water submersion that
i find is way more powerful it is much
more difficult but in a weird way it's
uh more enjoyable so when i was doing
the cold showers and went like this i
would get in stand
bucket naked
dry shower and just will myself to crank
that on because there was nothing worse
than standing dry knowing that that cold
water is going to hit you that was by
far the worst is that anticipation of
like do you stop and take a couple
breaths do you just get in there and
crank it on like without hesitation it
was so
powerful to have to face that down day
after day after day it really was pretty
incredible so
that made it more difficult i did not
find it hard if i was taking a warm
shower so um wim hof the iceman
recommends that you do a warm shower
like normal but then you end on he
suggests to start with 30 seconds you
end cold i actually didn't find that
that hard and so because that wasn't
hard i wanted to do it the hardest way
possible by starting just dry and going
straight for the cold so that was how i
did it the whole time
i would though end on warm
most of the time every now and then if
it was a hot day or something i might uh
do cold warm cold
it just depended so there is something
about a entirely cold shower that's
quite powerful but i found it very
difficult to warm up after
and so that can slow the rhythm of a day
down and i just didn't want to give that
much time to it okay so i do that for 15
months i end up growing this resentment
towards my shower i didn't like the way
that felt i wanted to get back to
actually enjoying my shower and i
thought you know i have
always had a lingering notion in my mind
that it would be far better
on a physiological level to get the
response that you're looking for at a
cellular level from true submersion and
since i have a swimming pool that for
most of the year it's not heated i
thought well just start going in the
pool
during the winter months
pool gets down to about 58 degrees
that's plenty cold let me tell you and
um it is
so
much more intense than a cold shower
because there is no part of your body
that isn't getting the life force sucked
out of it by the cold and so one you
feel like a total badass doing it and
you get that self-confidence you get
that yeah like i'm here i'm doing hard
things i'm pushing through so that gave
me a lot of confidence that it was
having the kind of physiological effect
that i was hoping it was have
so
if you can do submersion i highly
recommend it
i would stay in the pool water again it
was about 58 degrees i would stay in
that the longest i did was 22 degrees at
22 minutes excuse me and by the time i
got out i was moving so slowly and my
teeth like i was so afraid i was gonna
bite my tongue because my teeth were
chattering so hard um and so i thought
okay that's a little too extreme so i
started backing it off
and then the important part is to warm
up naturally so i wouldn't end up taking
a warm shower until say 45 minutes later
to give my body
the command that it had to warm up on
its own
that was
i think more powerful than the the cold
shower so now i'm more focused on
submersion
word
next up hey tom i just wanted to take a
second to thank you and your team for
all the positive impact you had on my
life
i'm euros from lithuania
and i'm currently studying physiotherapy
i'm also an aspiring personal trainer
and my question is
i have these ups and downs a really good
productive
work and then something happens and i
get down to this baseline which isn't
terrible but i just know that i can do
more and i just want to find out how do
i keep that habit of always producing
good quality work with minimal to no
downfalls
yeah that's it thank you
okay so
this is very straightforward but there
are a lot of different pieces that are
going to go into it so the first thing
you need to do whenever somebody wants
something they know what they want
they've got a clear goal they're
prepared to do the work but they just
find there's pretty radical
inconsistencies as they're trying to
move along that path to really get
something going
number one is that you need to
really get amped up about why that goal
matters to you because once you know why
the goal matters that's going to be that
thing that gives you meaning and purpose
that turns into a passion that allows
you to show up and keep doing it when
you're bored
because boredom kills more dreams than
failure i just promise you you just get
to the point where it's such a grind and
you've got to do it day after day month
after month year after year it's just
like it really drags on it's like that
old outcast song forever forever ever
forever ever it's like it's easy to do
something once maybe you can do it for a
week but when you have to just keep at
the grind
then you really have to have a strong
why
so figuring out why is it that you care
enough about this because by the way if
you don't care enough about it to do all
this go find something that you do care
enough about to go after because you can
do anything you want in life
just not
everything now if you're as angered by
that notion as i am you realize whatever
it is you're going to give yourself over
to and do all the way it needs to be
something that you are really on fire
about now
getting on fire about something you're
not born with that you cultivate that
fire so you're going to pick something
starts as an interest you're gonna pick
it engage with it fan the flames of that
fire by talking about it to yourself to
your friends to your family to anybody
who will listen about why it matters to
you
and then you go hard on that so like for
me i'm trying to build the next disney
but why why am i trying to build the
next disney because i've worked with so
many people in the inner cities that
were extraordinary far smarter than i am
and they're doing nothing with their
life why because they don't have the
right frame of reference their mindset
is so limited that even though they have
all of this natural skill that they
could build upon and turn into something
absolutely extraordinary they're not
doing it because they're not thinking
about themselves and the world in the
right way okay i'm not prepared to live
in that world right now in america the
number one predictor of your future
success is your zip code okay i want to
introduce you to a word maybe you know
what maybe you don't called an animus
something that that pisses you off
enough that it animates you to take
action now you want to find something a
spark of something and really turn that
into this raging inferno of i am not
prepared to live in a world where that's
true and now i'm going to show up every
day and i'm going to fight make sure you
focus it
get it specific to a person don't let it
be abstract who's someone you know and
love that's struggling with that thing
that you want to put an end to do you
have a mom that's struggling with
depression a brother that has massive
anxiety whatever the case may be
there's something out there that
animates you that you want to fix
and you attach that to a person that you
love and care for why so that on a
friday at 2am when you're exhausted and
you're bored and you know you need to
show up and have the discipline to see
this through
you don't want to be thinking in the
abstract
you want to be thinking very concretely
about a person who is struggling with
that thing and then you can fight for
them i always said at quest i was trying
to end metabolic disease because my mom
and my sister were morbidly obese and i
didn't want them to die so a friday on a
2 a.m i wasn't showing up thinking about
protein bars i showed up thinking about
them and suddenly when you're fighting
for somebody like that and it's personal
you'll have the energy that you need to
see it through
word
next hi my name is aisha i live in
boston massachusetts and i'm a financial
consultant so for my job we are required
to pass certain certification in order
to be promoted
as i was struggling finding time to
study i was advised to wake up couple
hours early and study before work as my
brain would be fresh and and more
focused
and i notice on days when i'm truly
motivated i can get up even before my
alarm goes on and put in the number of
hours i want
but on days when i don't feel motivated
i will keep on snoozing my alarm until
my usual wake up time and my and try to
rationalize my excuses in my head
i'm usually pretty hard on myself and i
noticed that my brain has found a trick
to rationalize my excuses when i don't
feel motivated
i know that discipline will be the
solution but what is what would be
the process to actually implement
prohibit slash discipline to just do it
without thinking when i'm lacking
motivation
thank you
all right
here we go i'm going to give you the
three steps to this magic formula and if
you do these
it will work every time so number one
like we've mentioned multiple times
already in this episode
motivation you have to want it it has to
be something that you were on fire for
literally as you were describing it i
was like oh my god i would study so much
i would ace this exam you have no idea i
would absolutely kill this
because that's my identity
so why is it that you want to do this is
it that you want to be the best is it
just the promotion if it's the promotion
and this is just about money what does
that mean why does it matter what are
you going to do with the money are you
the first person in your family to be
promoted that far are you setting an
example for your son or your daughter
like when you attach it to something
that really matters like for me it's
like i'm gonna dominate wherever you put
me i'm gonna dominate that's just my
thing
my identity is so wrapped up in
outworking everybody else
i love it so i love going hard learning
putting more time and energy my thing is
part of my identity you ready for the
secret
part of my identity is like i will work
so hard at something that people will
just assume i'm naturally gifted at that
thing because the alternative to believe
that i'm spending
40 hours a week
40 hours a week on top of my full-time
job to study for that thing people they
won't believe that i would put that kind
of energy and effort into something
but i will
and so to them it just looks like magic
now i love that [__] so much that it
becomes very easy for me to use identity
statements okay so we've got motivation
we're getting amped about it it matters
to us for some reason
now we've got identity statements i'm
the type of person that i'm the type of
person that works so hard people assume
it's magic i'm the type of person that
works so hard at something that people
just assume i'm naturally talented okay
i love that i love saying that about
myself i love knowing that it's true i
love knowing that i can trust myself to
put in the time and the energy to own it
because
i'm the type of person that knows
information is really power and that if
i go in and i work and i get better at
this thing then i'm going to be able to
outperform other people right skills
have utility and then the third thing
that you're going to do to absolutely
dominate is you're going to set rules in
your life
i don't care if you've got motivation i
don't care if i have motivation i get
out of bed in 10 minutes or less every
day no matter what no excuses but tom
your leg has snapped off at the knee i
don't care i'm getting out of bed in 10
minutes or less but tom you only got 45
minutes of sleep i don't care i'm
getting out of bed in 10 minutes or less
i have a hard and fast rule it's what i
call a bright line there are bright
lines in my life there is no excuse to
lay in bed there is no rationalization
nothing matters it does not matter
has it been 10 minutes since you woke up
then you got to get your ass out of bed
it's that simple and every day if i miss
and when i miss i miss by seconds but if
i miss i confess to my wife if i miss
i'll even confess on camera and let
people know hey i didn't get out of bed
in 10 minutes or less now keep in mind
it was probably 10 minutes and one
second but even then if the clock is
ticked over to the 11th minute i gotta
wrap myself out because i don't tolerate
that in myself i have that hard and fast
rule it is a bright line and i act in
accordance now the reason that i had to
use bright lines is i used to in my
mid-20s i used to lay in bed for four
and five hours a day every day if i
could get away with it
so
hard and fast rules and then just as a
bonus thing i will say this
don't set an alarm
go to bed earlier
go to bed however early you need to go
to bed in order to wake up so that you
have a couple of hours then your mind
really will be fresh then you don't need
to hit the snooze alarm i built a
billion dollar business
without setting an alarm
impact theory has grown by 400 in the
last two years alone i've done all that
without setting an alarm there you do
not need to set alarms i'm telling you
you just need to go to bed earlier and
this is where a lot of people mess up is
they're living in this chronic state of
fatigue wondering why they can't see
things through so i forget the coach
that said it but this is so powerful
they said the quote is fatigue makes
cowards of us all don't allow yourself
to be tired it is a unique ring of hell
to walk through life tired so get the
sleep you need
set the rules make sure you've got the
motivation know why you're doing what
you're doing and then
rinse and repeat just get after it
next stop
hi i'm emmy and i am a breakup and
relationship coach based out of boston
massachusetts and my question for you
tom is i recently started my business
over this past year i am still a high
school biology teacher of 16 years and
when i come home from school every day i
am mentally drained and so i find it
really challenging to stay consistent
with working on my business and doing
what i should be doing to keep for
momentum and progress so my question is
do you have any suggestions for habits
that i should create
to help myself
work on my business and not have the
things that i accomplished just be kind
of random um like my check off list is
kind of all over the place
so any insights that you have to share
with me would be really appreciated and
i know that you're probably thinking oh
these are just excuses you're tired we
get it we're all tired but i'm hoping
for some habit suggestions
all right
i don't think you're just making excuses
i think that cellular energy is going to
be what you need to focus on and
i can't tell you how much i hate that i
have to pay attention to my body in
order to achieve the things that i want
to achieve i want to just be able to
work around the clock but i know if i
try to do that i won't be cognitively
optimized and i won't have the energy
that i need so
when i go give talks oftentimes i'll end
up after the talk
answering questions and my record is i
once stood in a hallway
with whatever 50 people around me
answering questions without even
stopping to pee for 11 and a half hours
now by the end of it people were like
how the hell are you doing this
and the answer was because there are two
types of energy there's
psychological energy right
you're exhausted right imagine it oh you
know those days
you're wiped out
but you got that one song you put that
song on and you still got a little ass
shaking left in you and you can just
feel it it changes your mood you're
ready to get up you're ready to get down
that's psychological energy okay we can
actually make you suddenly feel like you
have this burst of energy
the other part the one that won't let
you down is real cellular energy now
within your cells are a whole bunch of
these things called mitochondria
mitochondria are separate little
organelles okay they have their own dna
they are not you but they are inside
your cells and they are the power plant
of your body and if you don't do things
to push your mitochondria to stay razor
sharp productive to proliferate you just
won't be able to generate the energy
this is why i'm always telling people
you are having a biological experience
whatever this is your body may have been
given to you by god fair enough but he
gave you a body and now you have to deal
with the realities of going through life
in a body that if you're not eating
right you're not exercising you will not
be able to generate the atp which makes
you feel like you can go and conquer
mountains and do whatever you want but
if you really don't have the energy then
that's a nightmare this goes back to
being tired is a unique ring of health
it is just absolutely miserable so
you're gonna have to get your diet right
which is probably the number one thing
to get your energy levels up at a
cellular level you got to get your diet
right and then to
really push things you want to start
exercising and then another one going
back to one of our early questions cold
exposure is another way to get your
vascular system going to get your
ability to generate atp
up high because cold exposure has a
tremendous impact on your mitochondria
okay so getting that right i think is
going to solve a lot of problems for you
and you may even need to go and get your
thyroid levels checked like there's
really could be a lot going on
biologically so to put it all into the
language of a habit you're gonna go to
bed early however early you need to go
to bed to not set an alarm number two
when you wake up
don't eat you're gonna work out work out
fasted okay i would highly recommend
that you lift weights rather than doing
a bunch of cardio
and then next meditation you'll be
shocked how far that goes
and then we want to
um
get some cold exposure in there if we
can that would be a really great way to
get you going and as far as diet goes
making sure when you do eat
and try to do intermittent fasting so
that you have call it a 16-hour fasting
window and an eight-hour feeding window
and so you're gonna push your first meal
back to post-workout and then when you
eat you're gonna make it whole foods so
you're gonna be eating green leafy
vegetables you're going to be eating
meat if you eat meat that's absolutely
fine
no processed foods if you can avoid it
you should be
less than 10 of what you eat should be
processed obviously zero is the ideal
but realistically if you can make less
than 10 of it processed you're gonna be
gold if you do that all the time you're
going to feel like a million bucks you
you just
cannot overestimate
how big of a deal sleep diet and
exercise make it is
life-changing and it's the one thing
most people aren't willing to do but if
you want cellular energy that's the
habit you're gonna have to get in
word
all right who's next hello impact theory
family thanks for this opportunity i i'm
mika darling i currently live in arizona
so
this is the question i have for you i'm
currently in a job that i hate i'm
currently at a weight that i definitely
hate i'm ashamed of it and no matter how
horrible it is and how isolating it is i
just can't bring myself
to get out of this routine of
comfortability
uh at the age of 15 i lost my mother and
then i surely became uh shortly after
that i became homeless and so a lot of
my behavior i excuse it away because i
say oh you've had a rough life i've been
to therapy i got into metaphysical even
did hypnosis and nothing is shaking me
to my core
how can i become
comfortable with being uncomfortable
thank you guys so much i love you guys
hopefully you can help me see ya bye
okay so here is the hard reality that um
i know all too well uh growing up in a
morbidly obese family
unfortunately no one is going to be able
to help you we can give you all the
tools and tactics and tips but at the
end of the day you've got to be in a
place where you want it you're excited
about it you're amped you're imagining
like what your dream job is going to be
and you're figuring out what you're
going to have to do to get that dream
job and you're going to go through the
application process and all the
rejection you're going to have to go
through in order to finally get where
you want to go maybe you have to study
something maybe you have to build a a
you know a marketing deck on spec or
whatever to get their attention but
you're gonna do all that because you're
excited about what that dream job is and
you know on a long enough timeline you
can win that job but it's about like i'm
not moving away from hating this job
because that's obviously not enough i'm
moving towards something that's exciting
to me and we're going to build that
energy we're going to build that
excitement that enthusiasm we're going
to tell ourselves i'm the type of person
that does whatever the hell it takes to
get that job so you're going to figure
out what it takes you're going to call
them you're going to ask what is the
ideal candidate look like what do i need
to do in the interview process to make
you confident that i'm the right person
for you to hire and then whatever they
tell you to do do that and more the
number of people that think well i
shouldn't have to do all that just for a
job interview it's like
sure fine
you're not going to get the job like
everybody wants to be blown away
to have unusual success your job is to
leave people in awe
okay so that's the job side we're going
to do all that we're going to go leave
them in awe we're going to get our dream
job we're going to set our mind to
something we're going to keep going
we're going to push past all the
rejection which is inevitable it's not a
commentary on you it is the nature of
getting a job
now the next part i can tell you right
now there's one word that's causing all
your problems and that is you're ashamed
you're ashamed of your weight
don't be
okay this is just biology we're playing
a game of figuring out what do we have
to do to get the body that we want now
the problem is your biology is going to
[__] with you so did you know
fat
is an organ
meaning like your liver like your heart
like your kidneys it is an organ it
secretes hormones
it tells your body to want certain
things to behave in certain ways to eat
certain foods your microbiome
is
essentially an organ it's five pounds of
bacteria in your gut that respond to
what you eat
that the population changes based on
what you eat and then
to make sure that they survive they keep
telling you to eat more of that
so you've got your fat cells screaming
at you to keep eating to keep over
feeding so that they can stay safe they
don't want to um
feel like they've entered into a famine
period where now they have to get rid of
this
incredibly useful extra stored energy
you've got your microbiome saying hey
that fast food that you've been eating
eat more of that because we're optimized
for it we want it we need it we won't
survive if you change your diet so
you've got a lot of things working
against you from a biological level okay
i'll say this
the deck is stacked against you
mom died when you're young that had
massive
cognitive implications okay would have
at a very formative age impacted you you
were homeless that creates this sense of
fight or flight it's a high stress
moment
not only is that going to push you to
eat more but i'm sure at the time you're
struggling financially as well which
means you're going to be eating cheaper
foods which are going to be highly
processed okay which is going to
exacerbate the problem so all of this
stress inflammation emotional trauma all
of that is going on okay you have every
reason in the world to not get your act
together right
but i will say this
now what
you can
keep doing what you're doing now and
you're going to keep getting the result
that you're getting and that's fine by
the way you shouldn't be ashamed of that
if that's a life that you choose choose
it
do it don't be ashamed of it recognize
that it is a choice
if on the other hand you're like [__]
this i'm not happy here i don't want to
live like this i want to do something
different well now we have to go into it
with our eyes wide open your biology is
working against you but that doesn't
mean that you can't overcome it you
absolutely can
there is no human being that is
incapable of losing weight it's just
that the only bulletproof way to lose
weight which i will tell you i will give
it to you would be the world's
simplest thing
but your fat cells are going to scream
out they're going to mess with your
hormones your microbiome is going to
mess with you so you're going to have to
want it badly enough to see it through
now i know you can do it it's just a
question of whether or not you're going
to want it badly enough to see it
through but here's all you have to do
eat whole food exclusively okay
green leafy vegetables
nothing processed chicken beef
um
fish
keep the fish small if you can to avoid
toxins but
you know as long as we're not eating
swordfish or eating it for every meal
it's probably better than some of the
alternatives that you're taking in
zero processed food no crackers cookies
none of that stuff first of all it has
just obscene amount of sugar has
glyphosate which has all kinds of
downstream problems on your microbiome
that are going to continue to create
problems i just want to say this is
doable it is hard but even if the deck
is stacked against you even if you do
legitimately have it worse than every
other human being on the planet
now what
what are you gonna do
you're not a bad person if you're like
it's just not worth the energy
fine
know what the realities are it's going
to shorten your life whatever emotional
problems you have overlooking that way
the inflammation doesn't feel good all
of that but you're not a bad person
and if you want to go in this direction
well then it's like [__] let's celebrate
what that's about right let's know our
why let's know what we're going for and
if it's to look really good in a [__]
pair of skinny jeans then let's own it
let's look really good in those skinny
jeans don't let people tell you that you
have to be doing it because you want to
be healthy i love some healthy but man
whatever really motivates you whatever
is really true whatever actually gets
you excited the only people shame you
into thinking you have to do it for you
know some specific reason because let me
tell you the vast majority of pounds
that have ever been lost all throughout
human history
is about looking good in skinny jeans
that's just the reality so
but that doesn't make you a better
person this doesn't make you a worse
person over here you're less healthy
it's going to have its consequences and
over here
it's going to be harder you're going to
have to stay focused you're going to
have to keep pushing through
so decide what it is you want to do and
get [__] amped about it and if you
can't get amped about it
focus on that you got to focus on the
motivation you've got to get yourself in
a position where you want the change
but don't spend cycles
lashing yourself hating yourself i can
think of nothing worse
the only thing that makes me sad is when
somebody's overweight eating ice cream
by themselves in the corner of the cold
stone crying right
that's [__] heartbreaking
an overweight person enjoying ice cream
like it was their last [__] meal good
on you the person over here that never
touches ice cream man cause they're
going hard they know what they want
they're amped they want to live forever
they want to feel good they want to look
good they want to be strong i get that
put time and energy into it their
choices
no matter how hard something is you've
got a choice
and so i always come back to that one
simple phrase now what i'm in this
situation let me tell you tom bilyeu has
a very easy time putting on fat and a
very hard time getting lean now what
you're going to work harder and get the
six-pack abs or not
and that's it
all right
i know you can do this
you got this
i'm cheering for you
but ultimately as much as i wish i could
want it for people i cannot you've got
to want this for yourself you have to
take responsibility
and know that you can get whatever you
want
whole food
that's it you do that be a life changer
all right guys i'm telling you you are
but one habit one killer routine away
from having the exact life that you want
your life is a reflection of the choices
that you make it doesn't mean that some
things aren't way harder for you than
they are for other people it doesn't
mean that other people don't have more
more more motivation than you it doesn't
mean that some people don't generate
more cellular energy than you
but all of us can make a different
choice at any time set rules in our
lives focus on our motivation get super
hyped about something find a way by
connecting this hard ass thing that we
have to do to our identity
to a person that we love and letting it
be about them and not just that thing or
focusing on the end result and being
hyped about how good we're going to look
in the skinny jeans
you're having a biological experience
figure out what are the things that you
need to do to manipulate your biology to
get the results you want
right setting rules being excited
following through on something because
you said you would you told yourself you
told other people to trigger
going back to the biology to trigger
that desire for congruence man i said it
to them [__] they're watching i better
do it
use any tool at your disposal but if you
get the habits the routines the rules
the identity right you get all that
stuff right and you will have your ideal
life
right guys that's it this really is
doable you can have any life you want
so go out make it real and if any of
that sounded like [__] i want you to
let me know i want people to come at me
i want people to say no no this guy's
just a hype machine cool come at me bro
because i'm telling you this stuff works
i've done this in my own life
i've watched other people do it i'll
take any heckling people have if you
think something is dumb let me know
you'll either change my mind and open me
up to something new or you'll give me a
chance to show you that there's nuance
and that this stuff really does come
together into a tapestry of
magically delicious lives
there it is all right guys until next
time my friends be legendary take care
you are here with me today i'm going to
be answering your questions and we're
going to be talking all about
procrastination
actually doing something with all of
your potential turning into real skills
and then deploying that into the real
world that is my obsession and that is
what we're going to be focused on today